Dark Matter module: Include the option of using either CosmiXs or PPPC4 as a source for creating the DM spectra (#6232)
gammapy/gammapy: docs/release-notes/6232.feature.rst

> For the Dark Matter module: Implementation of the possibility of using CosmiXs or PPPC4 as a source for creating Dark Matter spectra.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Implementation of the option of using CosmiXs or PPPC4 as a source models for creating Dark Matter spectra.
```
